README.md, before:

http://bacms.ca

BarelyACMS is a trivial content managment system designed to be simple to install and use. It is targeted towards web designers who have non-technical clients. 
It allows the developer to set up content containers that are editable by the end user, so that website maintenance is simple and straightforward. It has no database
requirements, and doesn't need any special design in order to fit inside a website. Just upload it, include a reference to the script, define content divs, and the page will be 
editable!

Revision History:
- Version 0.1a - Basic rich text editing and site map editing
- Version 0.2a - Live (inline) page editing, better rich text editing (CKEditor!)
- Version 0.3a - Now using blocks/buckets instead of pages/containers

Roadmapped Features:
- Blog post plugin
- n-depth buckets (buckets within buckets..)
- Internationalization
- Revision history, allow limited roll-back
- Export/backup content (downloadable zip)
- Bucket display order
- UI Update (Setup and Buckets)

Nebulous Features:
- Expand what is considered content:
	- Static content code files (CSS, JS, full HTML pages)
	- Static content binary files (images)
- Architectural update to make codebase plug-in friendlier
- Improve Live Edit interface (BAC sticky toolbar, container overlays)

Commit message:

Made block ids case sensitive

README.md, after:

http://bacms.ca

BarelyACMS is a trivial content managment system designed to be simple to install and use. It is targeted towards web designers who have non-technical clients. 
It allows the developer to set up content containers that are editable by the end user, so that website maintenance is simple and straightforward. It has no database
requirements, and doesn't need any special design in order to fit inside a website. Just upload it, include a reference to the script, define content divs, and the page will be 
editable!

Revision History:
- Version 0.1a - Basic rich text editing and site map editing
- Version 0.2a - Live (inline) page editing, better rich text editing (CKEditor!)
- Version 0.3a - Now using blocks/buckets instead of pages/containers

In Progress:
- Add "Get Snippet" feature to get the snippet to include a block on a page
- Bug fixing and error handling
- Implement Bucket/Block types
	- This will include 'blog' types

Roadmapped Features:
- Blog post plugin
- n-depth buckets (buckets within buckets..)
- Revision history, allow limited roll-back
- Export/backup content (downloadable zip)
- Bucket display order
- UI Update (Setup and Buckets)

Nebulous Features:
- Expand what is considered content:
	- Static content code files (CSS, JS, full HTML pages)
	- Static content binary files (images)
- Architectural update to make codebase plug-in friendlier
- Improve Live Edit interface (BAC sticky toolbar, container overlays)
- Internationalization
